Okay.
So in the previous lesson, we added some prop validation logic to our action button component and that's
actually going to affect the test output that we see.
So let's go ahead and rerun our test suite.
I'm going to run NPM, run test colon.
Watch.
It's going to run just in watch mode, which means it's going to rerun every time there's a change.
If you get something like this, not a problem, press a to rerun all of our tests.
So we're going to run our test and we're not going to get a failure, but we are going to get a warning
right here for action.
But button that test that J component.
You can see here, Vue is warning us that some test is missing a required prop of text.
This is great because now we're not just getting the benefits in our browser for our new app.
We're actually consolidating with our tests and allowing us to write tests that are more reflective
of how the component is meant to be used.
So what it's telling us is one of the components that we're mounting is missing a text prop, which
the action button component expects it's required.
Right?
So if I open up my action button component again, just so we can quickly see if we said that the text
prop is going to be a string and that is required.
But right here in our second test, we are not providing that text prop.
All right.
And so we have to provide it.
So it doesn't really matter what it says because it can be anything.
So I'm going to copy it from right here and add it right here.
Make sure to include the com at the end and when the whole test suite runs, we're going to get a passing
test as well as no warnings.
Warnings are not the worst thing in the world, but they are an indication that something can be improved.
And this is a perfect example.
Now, somebody looking at our tests knows that text is a text as required and that we can provide something
here.
Alternatively, if you're thinking about the type prop which is no longer required, we can, for example,
remove the type prop right here and double check.
The test still passes because we're checking that fallback condition that it will default to the primary
string.
So I think that's okay.
I think it's okay to have a test for the fallback and a test for maybe a different value like secondary.
But for now, I'm okay with these results, so I'm going to leave it as is.
So that's just a quick reminder to rerun your test suite frequently.
In fact, after you make any change just to make sure nothing is broken because sometimes it's going
to give you these warnings that will help you improve not just your components, but also the tests
that test them.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.